README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## What is this?

Example on how to share components when migrating from Create React App to NextJS with being able to run both of them at the same time.

## How it works?

With the help of [react-app-rewire-alias](https://github.com/oklas/react-app-rewire-alias) we alias the /next-js folder of NextJS to Create React App. Therefore we can reuse the same components while migrating from one to another.

config-override.js for create-react-app:

```bash
module.exports = function override(config) {
  return alias({
    'next-js': '../next-js',
  })(config);
};
```

## Getting Started

To run Create React App the development server (.env sets port 3001):

```bash
cd create-react-app
npm install
npm run start
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

To run the NextJS development server (by default port 3000):

```bash
cd next-js
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

## Hot reloading

While changing next-js/src/components/Component.js to "hola mikko" you can see hot reloading in both Create React App and NextJS applications. Ole!

Commit message:

two examples of folder structure

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Motivation

Idea on how to easier migrate parts of Create React App to NextJS step by step while being with both in production in the meantime.

## Problem

We want to share components between two projects and being able to run both of them at the same time. Problem occurs when we want to import code from outside the src of the current project.

```bash
Module not found: You attempted to import ../../components/Component which falls outside of the project src/ directory. Relative imports outside of src/ are not supported.
```

## How it works?

With the help of [react-app-rewire-alias](https://github.com/oklas/react-app-rewire-alias) we alias the /next-js folder of NextJS to Create React App. Therefore we can reuse the same components while migrating from one to another.

config-override.js for create-react-app:

```bash
module.exports = function override(config) {
  return alias({
    'next-js': '../next-js',
  })(config);
};
```

Note: In one-folder example we alias the /components folder.

## Folder structure

Repository contains two different approaches: two-folder-parallel-structure with Create React App and NextJS in parallel and one-folder-with-second-inside-structure with NextJS as primary and Create React App as secondary folder.

## Getting Started

Depending on the folder structure go into desired folder: two-folder-parallel-structure or one-folder-with-second-inside-structure.

To run Create React App the development server (.env sets port 3001):

```bash
cd create-react-app
npm install
npm run start
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

To run the NextJS development server (by default port 3000):

```bash
cd next-js
npm install
npm run dev
# or
yarn
yarn dev
```

## Hot reloading

While changing next-js/src/components/Component.js to "hola mikko" you can see hot reloading in both Create React App and NextJS applications. Ole!
